Hello become is dressed Today I would like to introduce the recent purchases
I love my socks and I buy socks so much guilty
After all, the unit price is cheap, and it is 3 feet of 1000 yen of rare, and I buy a little
But after all
I only I that 3 feet 1000 yen sound is we are taken immediately useless
The area around the ankle will be loose immediately
I also have a hot day with Anna
There are a lot of things that the comfort is not very good Well, recently one color to Bitch a little
I say because it is good
There are a lot of buying here
I wonder if the socks bait but there it
It is surprising that I think it may be your anniversary
It is one of the socks say whether and say,
It 's a general store that I know I can cut it
Toka was prima facie there Toka tableware
Boo Boo
There are a lot of things there but there are so many socks
I bought a lot of things collectively
And the ship
I'm the guy that they've entered already now there somehow but I did not Ka to other network
There are only three new ones to lose a little, but this one is very good
High cormorants recommended in the ugly foot eat without tightening is here
I have copied some of the border
First of all the design is cute Red and a little American
Only I know the high color I like this cover ring is very like the food at the heel
And the Koch buy great blue Iikaka
This page
The challenge is extremely cute, but a brother doesn't have to be so cute
It's a cafe with 800 yen per foot-it's a bit expensive compared to the observation 3 yen, but it's really great
It is comfortable to wear, as per this title
It is hard to tighten
It's 9 ankles 9
I feel that gold was very entered the place of this day 4 beauty is I'm good feelings
It's pretty late, so I guess sushi is not the same
Here is a very good meal
Or rather sac here it'd Is there a Tteyuu functional support socks Shields I
I bought this a little at a time and I recently went to myself a little and exercise
But when I run
Polo is still wearing the socks very important do you'll ne mode e shoes
I think so socks are not good enough
My feet don't feel good either
Also anxiety in you some of Tteyuu I'm might be whether such because I got to know the good socks
Rudda Kedomo outside and along usually
3 b to match the Anochotto functionality of the support socks foot of kale
say hk I'd is written in the wind, such as Nekou lift up the arch
There is a support company
It has a good odor and it has a good smell
This time because the deodorant or root Aru also to
Really is that socks recommended for this kind of sports-based I also it
I'm Maam I'm about 1000 yen I'm fighting on one pair of socks I'm a little painful
but
I think to be able military officer with ne No say whether all means You know such a different
I want you to give it a try so I'll never get tired
Of course, even people who are not sports can be standing and working people
So that all means of recommended Boo Oh
I think that there is a win to try quite
Hiro did was 2 of recommend ThatLookLikeThis
I say regret Ittoka of Toka that between Kutsushitaya Toka I Muji I is the most
Of course I did it in the finance department but it is delicious Of course it is 1000 yen at that 3 speed in keyuca
Because there is no girl of, it is also better than the socks of that side by all means
Please try a good design is also cute for a lot some of
Thank you also watch the video today to say and I think I'm a good symptoms
There
If good channel registered by Tteyuu thank you
Naraoka was two Baibai
me
ben
there were